# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
In the files property.rb and console.rb
Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
In property.rb in the method 'save'. In the method there is a 'sql =' - this provides the SQL code
Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
4, 13, 22, 31, 33
Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
A new object doesn't necessarily have an ID - this is added later.
Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
In property.rb the 'save' function creates a new object, once the new item has been created the object is assigned an id on line 32 with the @id. This line of code tells the database to save the values to the code and then assign the id.
Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
Because the object may not have an id.
Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
Because instance methods will be applied to a particular instance of the class whereas a class method will be applied to everything in the class.
Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
Hash? The id is assigned to the object. We could then ask the database to return just the id or all of the objects information which would include the id
Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
These protect our database from injection attacks.
## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
id, address
Q11. What are their return values?
found_property

found_property = Property.new(property_hash)
property_hash = results_array[0]

`find_by_id` will return a property based upon the objects id and `find_by_address` will return based upon the objects address
